[IMP] Lunch: Update vendors (#13161)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/lunch/vendors.rst

Vendors
=======

Before :doc:`products can be added <products>` to the **Lunch** app, the restaurants that provide

> the food **must** be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the food need to be configured.
```

corner.

.. note::
   No vendors are preconfigured in the **Lunch** app, so all vendors **must** be added to the
   database.

A placeholder :guilabel:`Lunch Supplier` card appears on the :guilabel:`Vendors` dashboard, by
default. Click on this card, and configure the following fields on the vendor form:

- :ref:`Vendor information <lunch/vendor-info>`
- :ref:`Availability <lunch/availability>`
- :ref:`Orders <lunch/orders>`
- :ref:`Extras <lunch/extras>`

After the first vendor is configured, add more vendors by clicking the :guilabel:`New` button in the
top-left corner, and configure the new lunch supplier form. Repeat for all needed vendors.

.. _lunch/vendor-info:

Vendor information
==================

- :guilabel:`Vendor`: Enter a name for the vendor in this field.
- :guilabel:`Vendor` (beneath the line for vendor name): Using the drop-down menu, select the
  corresponding vendor in the **Contacts** app. If the vendor has not already been created, type in
  the vendor name, and click :guilabel:`Create "new vendor name"` to add them. Alternatively, click
  :guilabel:`Create and edit...` to create the vendor and edit the vendor contact form. The vendor

>   contact form allows for more detail, aside from the name, to be entered, such as contact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contact form allows for more details to be entered, such as contact
```
